the following content is scheduled for
what Paul
on the way to the ring from
alleged killer
from Massachusetts the year
thank you for watching fantasy celebrity
wrestling season 3 episode 7 the grim
reaper versus the flash this of course
another match in round one of the
fantasy celebrity wrestling championship
tournament flash looking under the rain
for a sledgehammer remember this is a
buried alive match and obviously the
Grim Reaper's favorite match the facts
granted Grim Reaper and as a result the
Grim Reaper accepted the Flash's
challenge that stipulated that it must
be they buried alive match both men
walking up the ramp toward the casket
the flash going up on the dirt the flash
now hit the show
the Grim Reaper coming after the flash
the Grim Reaper takes a little shovel
and now the flash takes to shove it back
and hits the Grim Reaper in the face the
flash tasted Grim Reaper with the shovel
flash picking up the Grim Reaper to
flash Irish whips the Grim Reaper next
to the casket and elbow by the flash a
back flip by the flash another elbow
another back flu flash with the shovel
again to the face of the dam making
another hit with that shovel another hit
another strike another spot flash
looking to put the memory / away the
flash Irish thrills the Grim Reaper next
to the coffin another flash with his
finishing move and it's lights out